for the first day of February highs
mostly in the low 50s Birmingham now at
52 40s up north Haleyville some light
rain falling there and they have 43 back
to the Skycam Network there's a look
there at the beautiful campus of the
University of Montevallo down in Shelby
County the sky now cloudy the high was
53 right now 51 that wind out of the
Northeast at 5 miles per hour on the
radar needless to say when you see that
we'll have to mention some chance of
light rain across the state tonight
raining across much of Mississippi in
the interstate 55 corridor and some
light rain falling up here in Northwest
Alabama initially the rain not reaching
the ground but it is now and will see
that spreading across the state tonight
this is not a big rain event we're
talking rainfall amounts under 1/10 of
an inch for most spots and there could
be a few little ice pellets mixed in
here as this begins but we're talking
mainly light rain the main window about
9:00 o'clock tonight until 4:00 a.m.
tomorrow across the southeastern states
this fairly minor wave nothing like the
big storm we had late last week and this
will likely be gone by the time you
drive to work in the morning the weather
system is doing here late this week on
Thursday and Friday is this very active
southern branch of the jet stream
continues let's check the RPM model
clouds and rain over the next 48 hours
we'll stop this in the middle of the
night this is 10:15 tonight the rain at
that point should be along an east of
Interstate 65 then late tonight the rain
kicks out early tomorrow morning at 74
to 7:45 the clouds will likely linger
but the rain should be gone then the sky
becomes partly sunny by tomorrow
afternoon Wednesday will likely be a
sunny day and there's that rain we'll
deal with later in the week on Thursday
and Friday that could bring one to two
inches of rain across the state for
tonight the chance of some scattered
light rain the low at 37 degrees for
tomorrow the sky becoming partially
sunny after morning clouds the high 56
and for Wednesday a nice day with a good
supply of sunshine the high 57 upon the
seven day planning forecast wet weather
is back on Thursday rain will be likely
by Thursday afternoon Friday cooler some
light rain or drizzle at times for the
weekend clearing and colder on Saturday
the high 43 and for Sunday sunshine back
in full force with a high at 47 pitch my
forecast every day with a Rickenbacker
show on Birmingham's 104.7 wz ck and
don't forget Gaston we're coming your
way tomorrow night it's storm alert 2010
will be at the Gaston convention hall at
7 o'clock
doors open at 5:00 the show begins at
7:00 sees some great Alabama weather
stories if your kids love weather
they'll love this we just love coming to
gets them so we will see you there
tomorrow night at 7 o'clock and I was
down in Roanoke today at Hanley high
school man they gave us a good-looking
cake did a science program for the high
school kids and Dave how do you like my
hat I might be like my handling